Hi, welcome to this
specialization on
Machine Learning Engine
for production, MLOps.
Say you've trained an accurate
machine learning model
in the Jupiter Notebook,
you celebrate that and you
might now be wondering,
now what do I do.
After reaching the milestone
of developing a good model,
actually putting your
model into production.
They have a working system
that is making
useful predictions.
That's still requires much more.
This specialization will teach
you the skills you need to
build and deploy production
machine learning systems.
You learned about
the full machine
learning process lifecycle
from scoping out your project,
to data, to modeling
through deployment.
You're better execute the machine
learning project all the
way from start to finish.
One common misconception is that
the only difference between
developing model that you fit
the notebook on your local
machine and deploy that model
into production is literally
just the deployment piece,
maybe just a bunch of
software engineering.
But that's not true, it's not
just a bunch of
software engineering.
There are machine
learning challenges to
production as well that on edges
in the process of
developing a model
into Jupiter notebook.
This discipline of building
and maintaining
production systems,
that is the processes in
tools for doing all
this is sometimes
called MLOps or machine
learning operations.
You'll learn about that too.
I'm thrilled to be bringing you
this new specialization with
two fantastic instructors from
the google TensorFlow team,
Robert Crowe and
Lawrence Moroney.
Robert Crowe is it
TensorFlow developer,
Engineer at Google, a
Data Scientists and
TensorFlow advocate.
Robert has a passion for helping
developers quickly
learn what they need,
hopefully what you
need to be productive.
Lawrence Moroney, these AI
advocacy at google and is also
instructor of three other
TensorFlow specializations
with deep learning AI
and is also the book,
AI and machine learning,
if we call this.
Glad to have both of you with
us for the specialization.
I'm delighted to
work with you again,
it's always a pleasure.
As you said Andrew,
in addition to
building a first working model,
in a production system,
you need to handle a
whole range of issues,
including things like data drift,
where the distribution
of the data you
trained on maybe
eventually become
very different from
the distribution
of the data that you're
running inference on.
A key topic that we'll
discuss is change.
The world changes and
your model needs to be
aware of that change.
In this specialization,
we'll also introduce you to
several related topics
outside of machine learning.
You can look at Production
Machine Learning
as both machine learning
itself and the
knowledge and skills
required in modern
software development.
If you're working on
a machine Learning
Team and industry,
you really need expertise in
both machine learning and
software to be successful.
This is because
your team will not
just be producing
a single result.
You'll be developing a product or
service that will operate
continuously and maybe
a mission critical part
of your company's work.
That's right. I can say from
my own experience that oftentimes
the most challenging
aspects of building
machine learning
systems turn out to be
the things that you least
expected like deployment.
It's all very well being
able to build a model,
but getting that into
people's hands and seeing how
they use it can be
very eye-opening.
You might think you
have the perfect model
for the perfect scenario,
but your users could have
different opinions and it's
always really good
to learn from them.
They might be, for example, okay,
with a round robin trip to
a server for a frequently
updated model.
Or they might insist
that their data
never leaves their device.
So you need to know
the best ways to keep
their on-device
models really fresh.
This specialization
contains four causes
that provide you with
the knowledge and
hands-on practice to get
a Production Machine Learning
system up and running.
In the first course
which I teach,
you see an overview of
the entire life cycle of
a production machine
learning project,
from the scoping to getting data,
to modeling, to deployment.
The second course is all about
data and how it
evolves over time.
With this course, you'll build
data pipelines by
gathering, cleaning,
and validating data sets
using TensorFlow extended or
TFX and the TFX
family of Libraries.
To understand your
data evolution,
you'll track changes
with ML metadata using
data provenance as a
conceptual framework.
The third course is
focused on machine
learning modeling
pipelines in production.
In this course,
you'll learn how to
manage modeling resources to
best serve inference
requests and minimize costs.
You'll also use analytics
to address model fairness,
explain-ability issues,
and mitigate bottlenecks.
Course 4 is all about deployment.
This means of course
that you want to get
ready to serve your
users requests.
Now this can be exciting
and challenging all
at the same time.
In course 4, you'll deliver
deployment pipelines from
model serving that might
require many different
infrastructures.
You'll also apply best
practices to maintain
a continuously
operating production
system that stays up to
date and importantly keeps
your users needs front of mind.
As a learner in this
specialization,
we're assuming that
you're comfortable with
Python programming
and Machine Learning
and that you have
some familiarity with
one of the deep-learning
frameworks in Python,
like TensorFlow,
keras, or PyTorch.
If you've completed the deep
learning specialization
offered by deep-learning data AI,
you should be in great shape
to start this specialization.
Alternatively, of course,
if you've completed
the deep learning data AI
TensorFlow developer
certificate program,
you'll be really well-prepared
to start the specialization.
Great. Well with that,
let's get started.
That sounds great to me.
Sounds good. Let's do it.